---
page_title: "local_file Resource - terraform-provider-local"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates a local file with the given content.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# local_file (Resource)

Generates a local file with the given content.

~> **Note about resource behaviour**
When working with local files, Terraform will detect the resource
as having been deleted each time a configuration is applied on a new machine
where the file is not present and will generate a diff to re-create it. This
may cause "noise" in diffs in environments where configurations are routinely
applied by many different users or within automation systems.

~> **Note about file content**
File content must be specified with _exactly_ one of the arguments `content`,
`sensitiveContent` (Deprecated), `contentBase64`, or `source`.

-> If the file content is sensitive, use the
[`localSensitiveFile`](./sensitive_file.html) resource instead.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { File } from "./.gen/providers/local/file";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new File(this, "foo", {
      content: "foo!",
      filename: "${path.module}/foo.bar",
    });
  }
}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filename` (String) The path to the file that will be created.
 Missing parent directories will be created.
 If the file already exists, it will be overridden with the given content.

### Optional

- `content` (String) Content to store in the file, expected to be a UTF-8 encoded string.
 Conflicts with `sensitiveContent`, `contentBase64` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.
- `contentBase64` (String) Content to store in the file, expected to be binary encoded as base64 string.
 Conflicts with `content`, `sensitiveContent` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.
- `directoryPermission` (String) Permissions to set for directories created (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0777"`.
- `filePermission` (String) Permissions to set for the output file (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0777"`.
- `sensitiveContent` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Sensitive content to store in the file, expected to be an UTF-8 encoded string.
 Will not be displayed in diffs.
 Conflicts with `content`, `contentBase64` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.
 If in need to use _sensitive_ content, please use the [`localSensitiveFile`](./sensitive_file.html)
 resource instead.
- `source` (String) Path to file to use as source for the one we are creating.
 Conflicts with `content`, `sensitiveContent` and `contentBase64`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `contentBase64Sha256` (String) Base64 encoded SHA256 checksum of file content.
- `contentBase64Sha512` (String) Base64 encoded SHA512 checksum of file content.
- `contentMd5` (String) MD5 checksum of file content.
- `contentSha1` (String) SHA1 checksum of file content.
- `contentSha256` (String) SHA256 checksum of file content.
- `contentSha512` (String) SHA512 checksum of file content.
- `id` (String) The hexadecimal encoding of the SHA1 checksum of the file content.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.18.0 input-c00971f3974a95322b857b196ceb51dd0a0d43df77870f8acdaed566bf74c9e0 556251879b8ed0dc4c87a76b568667e0ab5e2c46efdd14a05c556daf05678783-->