---
page_title: "local_sensitive_file Resource - terraform-provider-local"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates a local file with the given sensitive content.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# local_sensitive_file (Resource)

Generates a local file with the given sensitive content.

The arguments accepted by this resource are marked as
[sensitive](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/sensitive-variables).

~> **Note about resource behaviour**
When working with local files, Terraform will detect the resource
as having been deleted each time a configuration is applied on a new machine
where the file is not present and will generate a diff to re-create it. This
may cause "noise" in diffs in environments where configurations are routinely
applied by many different users or within automation systems.

~> **Note about file content**
File content must be specified with _exactly_ one of the arguments `content`,
`content_base64`, or `source`.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.local.sensitive_file import SensitiveFile
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        SensitiveFile(self, "foo",
            content="foo!",
            filename="${path.module}/foo.bar"
        )
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filename` (String) The path to the file that will be created.
 Missing parent directories will be created.
 If the file already exists, it will be overridden with the given content.

### Optional

- `content` (String, Sensitive) Sensitive Content to store in the file, expected to be a UTF-8 encoded string.
 Conflicts with `content_base64` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these three arguments must be specified.
- `content_base64` (String, Sensitive) Sensitive Content to store in the file, expected to be binary encoded as base64 string.
 Conflicts with `content` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these three arguments must be specified.
- `directory_permission` (String) Permissions to set for directories created (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0700"`.
- `file_permission` (String) Permissions to set for the output file (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0700"`.
- `source` (String) Path to file to use as source for the one we are creating.
 Conflicts with `content` and `content_base64`.
 Exactly one of these three arguments must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `content_base64sha256` (String) Base64 encoded SHA256 checksum of file content.
- `content_base64sha512` (String) Base64 encoded SHA512 checksum of file content.
- `content_md5` (String) MD5 checksum of file content.
- `content_sha1` (String) SHA1 checksum of file content.
- `content_sha256` (String) SHA256 checksum of file content.
- `content_sha512` (String) SHA512 checksum of file content.
- `id` (String) The hexadecimal encoding of the SHA1 checksum of the file content.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.18.0 input-7bb75dc158cfada4bb631b2df7be8efc625955008a732af3f0752e8d4cc306fb -->