---
page_title: "local_file Ephemeral Resource - terraform-provider-local"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates an ephemeral local file with the given content.
---

# local_file (Ephemeral Resource)

Generates an ephemeral local file with the given content.

-> **Note**: Ephemeral resources are available in Terraform v1.10 and later.

~> **Note about resource behaviour**
Ephemeral resources are considered to be sensitive so none of the arguments
can be displayed in output logs. This means if you use an ephemeral resource
in a provisioner the output will be suppressed. This cannot be overridden using
the `nonsensitive` function as while ephemeral values are considered sensitive
they are not actually sensitive values.

~> **Note about file content**
File content must be specified with _exactly_ one of the arguments `content`,
`content_base64`, or `source`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
ephemeral "local_file" "foo" {
  content  = "foo!"
  filename = "foo.bar"
}

resource "terraform_data" "foo" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "openssl sha256 ${ephemeral.local_file.foo.filename} > ${ephemeral.local_file.foo.filename}.sha256"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filename` (String) The path to the file that will be created.
 Missing parent directories will be created.
 If the file already exists, it will be overridden with the given content.

### Optional

- `content` (String) Content to store in the file, expected to be a UTF-8 encoded string.
 Conflicts with `content_base64` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these three arguments must be specified.
- `content_base64` (String) Content to store in the file, expected to be binary encoded as base64 string.
 Conflicts with `content` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these three arguments must be specified.
- `directory_permission` (String) Permissions to set for directories created (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0777"`.
- `file_permission` (String) Permissions to set for the output file (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0777"`.
- `source` (String) Path to file to use as source for the one we are creating.
 Conflicts with `content` and `content_base64`.
 Exactly one of these three arguments must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `content_base64sha256` (String) Base64 encoded SHA256 checksum of file content.
- `content_base64sha512` (String) Base64 encoded SHA512 checksum of file content.
- `content_md5` (String) MD5 checksum of file content.
- `content_sha1` (String) SHA1 checksum of file content.
- `content_sha256` (String) SHA256 checksum of file content.
- `content_sha512` (String) SHA512 checksum of file content.
- `id` (String) The hexadecimal encoding of the SHA1 checksum of the file content.