---
page_title: "local_file Resource - terraform-provider-local"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates a local file with the given content.
---

# local_file (Resource)

Generates a local file with the given content.

~> **Note about resource behaviour**
When working with local files, Terraform will detect the resource
as having been deleted each time a configuration is applied on a new machine
where the file is not present and will generate a diff to re-create it. This
may cause "noise" in diffs in environments where configurations are routinely
applied by many different users or within automation systems.

~> **Note about file content**
File content must be specified with _exactly_ one of the arguments `content`,
`sensitive_content` (Deprecated), `content_base64`, or `source`.

-> If the file content is sensitive, use the
[`local_sensitive_file`](./sensitive_file.html) resource instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "local_file" "foo" {
  content  = "foo!"
  filename = "${path.module}/foo.bar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filename` (String) The path to the file that will be created.
 Missing parent directories will be created.
 If the file already exists, it will be overridden with the given content.

### Optional

- `content` (String) Content to store in the file, expected to be a UTF-8 encoded string.
 Conflicts with `sensitive_content`, `content_base64` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.
- `content_base64` (String) Content to store in the file, expected to be binary encoded as base64 string.
 Conflicts with `content`, `sensitive_content` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.
- `directory_permission` (String) Permissions to set for directories created (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0777"`.
- `file_permission` (String) Permissions to set for the output file (before umask), expressed as string in
 [numeric notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File-system_permissions#Numeric_notation).
 Default value is `"0777"`.
- `sensitive_content` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Sensitive content to store in the file, expected to be an UTF-8 encoded string.
 Will not be displayed in diffs.
 Conflicts with `content`, `content_base64` and `source`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.
 If in need to use _sensitive_ content, please use the [`local_sensitive_file`](./sensitive_file.html)
 resource instead.
- `source` (String) Path to file to use as source for the one we are creating.
 Conflicts with `content`, `sensitive_content` and `content_base64`.
 Exactly one of these four arguments must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The hexadecimal encoding of the checksum of the file content